# This is going to be a description of the steps I have made towards developing my portfolio website

## Entries

20250216- Changed from the original codecademy template after learning to host the site using github pages. Worked on the header using flex to display the H1 and list elements in the nav element on one line and center them in the header element. Created two classes for left and right and added margins and padding to give them space from the edge of the page and added borders and hover colours to the li elements which I intend to link to other places in the webpage later. Embedded a font from google fonts into the head element of the HTML file (still not sure if I've done this properly but the font is present so I assume it worked). One issue I had was when I set the background colour of the header element originally, there were borders which were filled if I set the background colour of the body element. The solution was to set the default margin and padding of the body element to zero.

20250216- Phew. Started from a design I drew on ProCreate and used the tools in procreate to identify the rgb for each colour. Used flexbox with a column direction to stack the about section on top of each other. Experimented with a link to scroll to the about section and set the scroll behaviour to smooth. Had an issue where the about section was stopping within the header section which was fixed using scroll-margin-top to add a buffer when scrolling. Can't seem to work out whether or not this is best practice but will keep researching. Pre-cropped my image in procreate but when exporting as .jpg it became a square with white borders around the circular image. Fixed using clip-path. No idea what I'm doing but learning how to use resources to find out what I need to do.

Test 2